[Autogenerated] here we are with my favorite topic, AWS.
I am session policies.
Session policies are advancing policies that you pass in a
perimeter when you programmatically create a temporary
session for a role or Federated user.
So session policies are steel.
I am policies does.
We can expect them to follow the rules and the styles we use the so far,
the novelty here is that they are used to grant a
temporary access to the AWS resources.
Moreover,
with specifically mention here that the session policy
is related to an I am a role object,
there is always confusion about the rules and the user.
So let me try to clarify what is a user?
It is an I A m identity with unassociated set off
permission and credentials which are static.
They remain as they are,
until some configuration change happens on the other side.
A role while it is still an I am identity with specific permission.
It is a more dynamic behavior,
since it can be assumed dynamically by users and credentials.
Associate ID to a role are temporary,
but how rules and session policy feeds together.
Let me try to explain with a simple workflow supposed that and not mean user
creates a role identified by these magician hat with unassociated set off
permissions specified by a session policy document.
Then suppose we have an I am user with unassociated set off permission
specified by identity based on the policy Which grand success too.
Orangey resources?
No.
If the user assume the role created by the ad Meena,
that means that he is empowered with additional set of
permission and can access their blue resources with only
caveat that this permission is temporary.
I am rules and session policies are used in four main use cases.
The inter account scenario I am user assume a role and is
granted temporary permission to do something.
Everything happens within the same AWS account.
The cross account scenario I am user from 1/3 party AWS account,
assume a role and is granted temporary permission to do
something on the current AWS account.
This is also known as business to be since the scenario,
Then we have the service rolled in our area.
This gin area allows an AWS service to access another AWS service As an example,
consider in 82 instance which needs to access an s three bucket.
Finally,
the identity Federated scenario where an external user is granted
access to the resources of the current AWS account.
Let's move now to the demos which are organizing in the usual
way as scenario is described and we are asked to perform a
specific task in this scenario, which we will do not.
As the infra accounts Sharia.
Tom is a new I am user in global Mantex AWS account.
Your task as an 80 administrator off Global Mantex is to provide
the Tom temporary access to S three buckets.
To be able, for example,
to make some inventory on global Mantex resorts is if we checked current users,
we can see the Tom User is already in place.
I have already created a policy document to allow Tom
to call the assume role function, which is exposed by AWS STS,
which stands for security token service.
Now we create an identity based the policy object.
And then we attached this policy to Tom User.
Now we need to establish a trust relationship between Tom and Bob,
where Baba delegates Tom with some privileges.
The trust relationship is defined as a Jason policy and
magically say's that the role to which this trust is related can
be assuming within the current account.
Then we create a role called Tom Temporary,
also that we are passing the trust relationship as
para meter for the roller creation.
Now it's time to specify the privileges granted by the
role with the session policy document.
I have already prepared Ageism Policy File,
which grants access to the target as three bucket.
We create an I am policy based on that Jason document and were touched
the policy to the role we have just created finally,
in the command, which allows Tom to assume the role we have just created.
As you can see, credentials are generated.
Also note that apart from well known access key and secret access key,
we have a session token which by default expires in 12 hours.
With those credentials, we can create a profile in AWS Eli Config file,
which we will call the Tom temporary.
With this profile, let me check my current identity which,
as you can see, is displayed as an assumed role.
Identity also noted that with this profile and this set off credential,
we are allowed to upload the file to the target bucket and to retrieve the container objects